hey there my name is Jay Jones celebrity
peak performance coach and fitness
minister and today I want to demonstrate
two very good exercises that male ballet
dancers do now if you've ever seen male
ballet dancers then you've seen some
extremely fit human beings male ballet
dancers have extreme strength power and
flexibility because all of those
qualities are called into play when
you're dancing with a partner or solo
during ballet so I'm going to
demonstrate two ballet moves one for the
upper body one for the lower body that
are tremendous exercises and extreme
muscle builders so the first one is
called a plie squat plie is we just want
to bring our feet out the idea is you
want to keep your back nice and flat
imagine you're on the wall and you're
just sliding your back down the wall
that's the idea so we want to pull our
chest up I clasp my hands together to
help keep my shoulders down and back and
the legs are out and you want to go down
and up one more time we want to go down
and up you'll feel it on the inner thigh
you're feeling on your gluteus maximus
and you'll feel it on the abductors in
the front that's your lower body
conditioner your plie squat the upper
body the more challenging we call this
the ballet push-up we want to put our
legs on the side twist the upper body
and then push
you're going to build the back of your
core do the same thing on the other side
you're building the back as well as your
triceps as well as your flexibility all
right my name is Jay Jones celebrity
peak performance coach and fitness
minister those are two great exercises
that male ballet dancers do